in order to get to the root of a problem. In some cases, of course, it
depends on the personality. But I think one tried and true trick is
toe kind of take off your badge for a second. You know, pull the person
over to the side and say, Just ask him. You know what's really
going on? Um, you lay out the what you think are the issues, what you
think are the problems. Well, you know what? Like you've been coming
in late three times in a row. Um, you missed this assignment. Um,
What's going on? And now they can correct you and say, it's not like
that or they can give you the responses. It's up to you to decide
whether the responses are correct or not. But you can attack those issues,
right? And find out. Hey, it's actually a family issue or hey,
it's actually, um, the fact that that person doesn't like another
person in the unit, and they had an argument that you hadn't heard about.
So you need toe. Um, step away from the chief aspect for a moment,
because if you still have it on, it's like, Hey, I'm a chief. You
need to tell me what's going on then. They're just gonna be just
by the book. But if you want to get into their personality, if you want
to get to the real reason that they're having the issue, you kind
of talk to them as a person. You never truly give up your chief, Um,
your chief rank. You know, they still they still maintain that distance.
But you want to, um, let them know number one? You can be a
friend to them. You know, that's what we're all supposed to be were
employees. But we're also working together as compatriots, right? So
get yourself in that friendly mode. You're not an officer. An officer.
They do need to keep that separation. But as a chief, you can get
a little bit deeper into that